[theme music]
[laughing]
["My Romance" by CHEEZE playing]
[water trickling]
[both laughing]
[Du-sik] One, two, three.
-Ohh! That was cool.
-Ohh!
What's that?
-Say, "Ahh!"
-Mmm!
[romantic music playing]
I've never been so happy.
I'm the same way.
[chuckles]
[Du-sik sighs]
[foreboding music playing]
[child wailing]
Hye-jin.
Hye-jin?
[groans]
[wailing fading]
[foreboding music playing]
You're content?
Do you think you deserve happiness?
[quivering]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
Chief Hong?
[gasps softly]
Are you okay?
You must've been dreaming, huh?
Yeah, it was bad.
A very bad dream.
Poor you.
[chuckles]
Did a nightmare scare you?
There, there. It's okay.
Nightmares are signs you'll grow taller.
Is it morning?
Hmm, it's around 4:30, or so.
Huh?
Why are you… You're here so early.
Something wrong?
[waves crashing]
[Hye-jin] There's no way.
So you're saying the sun's already up?
[yawning]
Why else it would be so bright?
Aw, man, that sucks.
I thought we could come watch
the dawn together.
[sighs]
[Hye-jin] Forecast said
we were supposed to have a clear sky.
Yeah, the weather by the beach
is pretty unpredictable.
Why today? Why the dawn?
I don't know.
-Maybe tomorrow?
-Huh? Tomorrow?
Mm-hm. We can come every morning
until we finally see a sunrise--
Wait, hang on a sec. Look there.
You can make out the sun shining
behind the clouds.
But where?
Ah, you can just, uh, make it out there.
Up there, at the horizon.
See? Right there.
I just see gray.
I need you to focus.
It's like an optical illusion, you know?
It's there.
Well, I don't see it.
-Aah! You suck!
-[laughing]
Hey, I'm serious.
Come on, it's right there!
-Aw!
-Right there!
[Hye-jin] There's nothing there!
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
What are you working so hard on?
Uh… Come take a look.
-Ta-da!
-What is it?
"Hundred Things I Want to Do
with My Boyfriend"?
A bucket list!
[scoffs]
Really? No one makes these anymore.
And in Excel?
I don't ever do things partway,
because I give it my all
in a relationship, there's no difference.
-And… it's fun.
-[keyboard clacks]
Ah, yeah. You're forgetting
the best thing.
Oh?
-When you go all the way!
-Ugh.
You're gross.
[scoffs]
You will go all the way.
Ew, knock it off. That's enough, Mi-seon.
I'm telling you, we're taking things slow
to get to know one another.
I want our souls to connect first.
That's stupid, you know?
Yeah, tell me the end goal
isn't just getting some.
Romance can't keep up with eros, you know.
[scoffs]
You've got to be joking.
-[patient] Is anybody here?
-Yeah.
Oh, what a weirdo.
[keyboard clacking]
Eros?
[chuckles]
DRYING EACH OTHER'S HAIR,
BEING UNDER THE SAME UMBRELLA…
[clicks]
[chuckling]
Miss Yeo! Miss Yeo!
[panting]
Hold on, Bo-ra. What,
don't you have homework today?
What's going on?
No, it's not that.
I-jun, guess who won, eh!
Who?
[gasps softly]
Oh, my.
Let me see. My goodness.
I won second place
at the mathematics competition.
Well done.
I-jun Chang in class one, grade two
of Cheongjin Elementary School.
My son, I-jun Chang. This is amazing!
I-jun, you did great.
So proud of you.
I-jun, aren't you pleased? Hey, you won!
Yes, Mommy.
Miss Yeo, that's just I-jun's face
whenever he's happy.
His mouth looks like this.
He likes to frown.
Since the win, look at that!
Almost a smile!
[Hwa-jeong and Bo-ra laugh]
You're right.
I-jun, did you let your dad know?
-Not yet.
-It's important to tell him yourself.
I'll get him on a video call. Here.
[cell phone chimes]
[line ringing]
[cell phone buzzing]
[groans]
Oh, jeez.
What's wrong with you?
You're video calling me out of the blue.
Oh, I-jun! Hi. It's Dad. Hi.
[chuckles]
Ah, you asked your mom to call me,
'cause you missed your dad?
Papa, I got second
in the math competition.
What? You… You got second
in the competition?
Oh, my gosh! That's my little boy!
That's my little genius boy!
[laughs]
[chuckles]
I carried him.
I got things started, though.
I need you to watch your mouth around him.
Anyway, make some time this weekend
for I-jun's party, okay?
[Yeong-guk chuckles]
Right. Of course.
I-jun, we'll get together this weekend
and really party, all right?
Mm-hm.
[chuckles]
Great work, little guy. I'll see you then!
Miss Yeo, look at him.
He's really smiling a little.
Hmm…
Huh? No, I'm not.
-Yeah, you are.
-[Hwa-jeong chuckles]
[Hwa-jeong] The smile's even bigger now.
[laughs]
-My gosh.
-Mr. Chang!
-Yong-hun, guess what?
-Yeah?
Would you believe I-jun took second
at the math competition?
Oh, wow. Wow, you must be so proud of him.
You definitely deserve a treat.
-Since your son did so well.
-Huh?
-A treat?
-Like this!
They say it's good for your joints.
I remember you had it rough
when you pulled your back a while ago.
Oh.
[quirky music playing]
Why are you giving me this
to me now, though, huh?
Trust me, it's right
for your back. Really.
[grunts]
[sipping]
Mmm.
Oh!
You feel better already?
Uh-huh.
I know why you're doing all this.
What… Why…
It's 'cause we're getting close
to the Best Employee Award, huh?
[laughing]
You idiot.
[laughs]
I don't give that out.
Residents do all the voting.
I bet you feel stupid.
-[laughs]
-Oh, yeah.
Either way, those will help your joints.
Oh.
Let's go. Guys, my I-jun…
[machine whirring]
Chief Hong, you want coffee?
-Sounds good.
-Yeah.
-I'll go get it.
-All right.
[carpenter grunting]
You're great, Chief Hong. You save lives.
-Nah.
-You'll work tomorrow, right?
Of course, yeah.
If you bother to pick up a saw,
then a table should be the least
that you finish.
Are you throwing those away over there?
Mm, I think so.
Man, what a waste.
A few even grew some rings.
[door opens]
Huh? Chief Hong!
You're here, here, here…
You came in without permission again?
You'll have to start paying rent.
I mean, I could.
Okay, get cleaned up.
-Get cleaned… cleaned up?
-Mm-hm.
Why?
Well, there's something we have to do.
[Du-sik breathing sharply]
So this is… this is it?
Yes, through couples yoga,
we can learn to trust one another,
and enhance our flexibility.
I guess it's put an end
to some relationships.
I'm struggling. This is hard, that's all.
-[both sigh]
-You're such a wimp.
All right, we're done.
-Work that pose.
-Oh, can we be done done?
-Down on your knees.
-But I'm winded.
We have to bend our knees,
and put our feet together.
It's like you can't hear me.
Great. Then we look
into each other's eyes, all right?
-Okay.
-Now, reach out and grab my wrists.
-Um…
-Hold my wrists, okay?
And slowly push with your leg.
-One, two, three!
-Do what with your leg?
Ow! Ow! No, no, no, I can't!
[groans]
Wow. That hurts.
Ow! This is messed up!
Aah! It definitely just pulled something.
-What, you pulled something?
-It hurts.
-Like, I don't know what.
-Let's just adjust this.
All right. All better.
-[sighs]
-So you're all set?
Now, sit with your legs like this.
[Du-sik sighs]
Just face here, too.
Is this another pose?
Yeah. We can meditate.
Put your hands like this,
resting on your knees.
Okay, then relax,
and focus on your lung's rhythm.
[exhales deeply]
This is the best one so far.
[chuckles]
You know, you remind me of a dog.
-A dog, huh?
-Mm-hm. Yeah, a big one.
-[dog barks]
-A white one, pale like you.
And with your double eyelids.
A country dog.
-[dog barking]
-Oh, okay.
Well, you, you're like a cat.
Yet there's a bit of dog. You're both.
So I'm a cat-dog?
-Meow, meow, woof.
-[both laugh]
I can't take this, aw!
Just look at your adorable dimples.
What about you? You have dimples, too.
But yours are cuter.
[chuckles]
Yeah, yours are cuter and deeper.
[Hye-jin chuckles]
Gosh.
[both smooching]
[gasps softly]
I haven't brushed my teeth.
I don't care about that.
We'll brush together.
-Together?
-Mm-hm.
We'll do it together?
[groans]
Wait, my knee really hurts.
-Hey, so I have a question for you.
-Mm?
Just what the heck are we doing?
We're just brushing our teeth, silly boy.
I know, but why are you brushing
my teeth, not yours?
I think it's romantic.
-This?
-Mm-hm.
-In what way?
-I think you don't get it yet.
You'll get it someday,
and it'll be as sweet as strawberries.
Okay, since we're here
let's do it properly.
Say, "Ih."
[mumbles]
-No! It's too messy!
-[laughs]
Now, we're even. Look at my gums.
Oh, Chief Hong.
Look at that. I thought
I was tasting some blood in there.
Wow, you made me bleed a lot recently.
My bad.
Ah, no, I'm done. Mmm.
I don't think that I'm even gonna
find this romantic.
-All right? I've had enough.
-Not yet.
♪ Ow-wee-ow-wee-ow-wee-ow
Are your teeth hurting you? ♪
-♪ Orange candy… ♪
-Mm.
A little more. We have to take care
of your teeth.
-Ugh.
-How cute!
-No way. Ahh!
-Try it on! You'll be beautiful.
-I don't want it. Ugh!
-You look so cute.
-Hey, no.
-At least look at it.
-Where did you find these stuff?
-Ohh!
I'll try it, fine. Give it to me.
[grunts]
There's nothing I can do.
I don't know how it gets stuck up there.
-Try it on just once.
-No! Seriously?
Come on, do this one thing.
-Try it on, please. You're so handsome!
-I don't… I don't wanna.
You're a child.
Hey, you don't need to get upset.
-You'll try it?
-I won't.
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
[Hye-jin] Give me a minute.
You can't take it yet.
Makeup on a potato?
What did you say?
I said that you have a face
that's oval and very pretty.
Wow, you're already so pretty.
Will you get any prettier?
You have no idea.
I'll look so young,
Ju-ri will be casual with me.
"Hi, Hye-jin."
She'll think I'm her age!
[cackling]
She talks to everyone in Gongjin.
like their her besties.
-Yep, she does.
-Yeah.
-Okay, let's put some on you, too.
-No, no, no!
-Why not?
-Let's… Let's take the photo now.
Get ready. Okay, one, two, three.
-[camera clicks]
-Mmm.
-One, two, three.
-Eh.
I gotta know. Why do you have
to make a sound like that?
-It helps with smiling. You do it.
-Oh, I'll do it.
[both] One, two, three.
-Mm, mm.
-[camera clicks]
One, two, three.
Hmm…
[camera shutter clicking]
See? We don't look that quirky at all!
Hey, we look great in this one.
-Cute, right?
-Mm.
-Aah.
-[thumps]
-[groans]
-Are you okay?
-Oh, well…
-I swear you whine like a middle schooler.
-Is it cute?
-[chuckles]
-Well, these are cute.
-They are.
So, what do we do now?
Pick your groceries and cook dinner?
Read some comics?
I guess I didn't realize.
You're the Energizer buddy.
Let me check your batteries.
Yep, fully charged.
You're sleepy?
Mm, good night now.
What if we do nothing?
We can just sit, or lie down and rest.
So there's really nothing else
that you might wanna do?
I didn't… say that.
I should go home.
Hey, hey, hey! Don't go.
-It's fine. See you later, maybe.
-No.
Is this yours?
-Give that. Give it. Give that back.
-Let's read.
"See the sunrise together,
couples yoga, shave my boyfriend's face,
-go to restaurants--"
-Hand it over.
You wanted to do the whole list together?
You've been crossing out
the ones we've already completed.
Forget it. Just give that.
Let's do it.
Hm?
[Du-sik sighs]
It's a lot.
But how can I say no
when you're so adorable?
-Seriously?
-Mm-hm.
So what's next?
Do we start at the top,
then work our way down there?
Uh, well, maybe not today.
What if next weekend
we could go on a date to Seoul?
A date?
Just one date.
Okay, great. Let's do that.
-Seriously?
-Of course, mm-hm.
Get ready, because we have
a lot left to do on the list.
-Or else…
-[sighs]
We have time, you know.
We don't need to rush anything.
We'll take our time. One by one.
We'll do them all.
Sounds good.
[chuckles]
Okay. Like this and that. Uh-huh.
Ah, there.
-Thank you, Papa.
-[Yeong-guk laughs]
I-jun, eat as much as you can.
You can eat more if you want to.
It'll be my treat today.
You talk big when it's just tonkatsu.
"Pork cutlet." It's different.
Anyway, I-jun ordered it himself.
Not an expensive steak like you did.
I was hungry. It's too much?
I can afford it.
I hope it tastes so good.
Hey, so, Mom?
Mm-hm, I-jun, uh-huh.
What did you wanna say?
I would like to get a pet hedgehog.
You want a hedgehog?
Oh, I-jun. Wow.
Do you really want a hedgehog?
Yes, because Dr. Yoon has been taking care
of the one Bo-ra got a while ago.
I had to wait to ask Mom for permission
until I won the competition.
Ahh.
Okay, you worked hard.
Bring it home. All spiky.
-You mean it?
-I do.
But, hey, I-jun, you know
that I'm not allowing it,
because you won a prize.
It's because you want it, that's it.
And we're not having a party,
because you won a prize either.
I thought we were.
We're only here,
'cause he won a prize, no?
Uh, no.
I-jun, I'm so proud that you won.
I'd say we'd be still doing this
even if you didn't win.
And what we're celebrating here
is the fact that you had been
working hard for so long.
In my eyes, that's much more important
than winning any prize.
-Mm-hm. I get it, Ma.
-[chuckles]
You know, I-jun.
You don't have to get good grades.
All that I want for you
is to have a happy childhood.
-You know what I mean, huh?
-Yeah, right.
I hear you told the whole neighborhood.
I hear you told Yong-hun all about it.
Just 'cause I'm a proud father.
How'd you hear about that, anyway?
You should eat your damn food.
"Damn food"?
Did you just say "damn"
in front of our son?
-You just said a bad word--
-My bad.
"My bad"?
[chuckles]
Is it tasty?
-Mm-hm.
-Is it good?
It's really good.
Eat it up as much as you want.
Eat as much as you can, huh?
-[Seong-hyeon] Hye-jin.
-[Ji-won] Hello.
-Heading to work?
-Yeah.
You both must be back
to shoot more of your show, yeah?
Ah, yeah, we both came up
here really early.
It's been so hot recently.
So you should watch out for heatstroke.
Both of you.
Of course. Thank you.
I'll get going, I suppose.
I'll see you around, then.
Be sure to eat enough.
-Yes. You too.
-Well, bye.
-Bye.
-Have a good day.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
[Bo-ra] Dr. Yoon!
-Ah, you two. You're going to school?
-Yeah, but guess what?
I-jun's so smart he won a prize
at the mathematics competition.
[gasps]
Is it true? How nice.
So Bo-ra wasn't pretending
about you acing 100 different tests.
Thank you, ma'am.
There's still much room
for improvement, though.
I have to keep working hard on school.
I'll stick on myself.
Sounds a good plan.
His mom said it's okay for Seumseum
to live with him in his house.
She'll live with you?
[gasps]
When do you want to get her?
[lively music playing]
What? You'll miss the little thing
when it's gone?
A little.
But there's no way I would argue
with kids over a hedgehog.
And I had her for such a short stay.
I'm sure they'll take
really good care of her.
[wheels creaking]
-On top of everything, honestly, Seumseum…
-Mm-hm.
…always raises her quills in the air
when I try to touch her.
You know, you used to be
kind of like a hedgehog.
Hm?
You used to raise your quills.
Phew! Just like her.
Now you don't, even when I pet you.
No spikes anymore.
I'm not laughing.
But you know you've changed, right?
You're not the person that I first knew.
-How am I different?
-Hm?
Could it be my look?
-That's not what I'm saying at all--
-[doorbell dings]
Oh, boy. The kids must be here.
I'll get it. Stay here.
-But what--
-Ah, I need to put this with me.
Seumseum doesn't like it
when it's too cold.
Her ideal temperature
is 26 degrees Celsius.
Always keep the blanket
underneath her cage.
Yeah, Bo-ra and I-jun must be excited
to have a buddy.
-Yeah.
-Uncle Du-sik, you don't even know.
I'll have to put it
at I-jun's house every day.
You already do, you know.
Whatever. Either way,
I have to come over every day.
Okay.
We'll come to your place,
so Seumseum can visit you, too.
Okay. Uh, maybe try
Uncle Du-sik's, though, okay?
I'm over there a lot.
[whispers]
I'm taking it for myself.
What is this now,
are we making some kind of formal group?
Hey, come over.
I'll make delicious food, okay?
Can you do some tripe for us,
and some pork rinds barbecue?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you have an interesting palate
for a second-grader.
-I didn't know you like all that.
-Yeah.
Bo-ra really has adventurous taste.
Ahh! So grown-up.
[chuckles]
-Is everyone ready to start?
-[Nam-suk] Mm-hm.
First of all, thank you for showing up
to this emergency
neighborhood meeting last minute.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
What's so important that you had
to go out of your way to gather everyone?
If you hadn't said anything,
we'd all be back at home right now.
What is it, then?
The curiosity is killing me.
Out with it. We all deserve to know.
It's just a little thing.
Director Ji asked for a favor
for an episode of the show.
-[Ju-ri] What, for real? On TV?
-Director Ji?
For the next episode, I was thinking that…
We could treat the locals to some food.
We could cook a full meal for them.
-We'll make the food?
-Mm.
JUNE and In-u would make all the food,
and we're thinking
of inviting five people.
-That's a real group.
-Yeah.
And JUNE wants Ms. Gam-ri to be one, okay?
He liked her meal from the last episode.
You know, he might be a pop start
I could root for.
[laughs]
Yeah, right?
Going back to the episode,
could you pick up four others
that'd be good for the show?
Four others? Sure.
[Nam-suk] Ooh!
Anyway, that's why Ms. Gam-ri
is already on the list.
-Good for you.
-[all cheering]
That really isn't necessary.
You'll have to get used
to seeing me on television, eh?
-[all laugh]
-Oh, you love it!
Director Ji put me in charge
of selecting each the other four in here.
[overlapping chatter]
-I'm Oh Yoon, remember?
-Pick me, Uncle Du-sik, please?
[all clamoring]
Everybody, hey, you need to calm down.
I think it's obvious
that I should be there.
I'm the village chief.
You can't be serious.
They film everything in zone five.
Therefore, the zone chief
in her third term should be there.
Oh! No way. You're too SSS.
[laughing]
What's that? Shh! What's that?
You're strict, stern, and serious. SSS.
How can you be on TV
when you don't know any slang?
A TV show needs a fun,
outgoing chatterbox like me
in order to get good ratings
and those sponsorships.
-She's not wrong.
-And tell me. What can bring good ratings?
-A famous person, of course.
-Ugh.
-[Ju-ri] Dad, please.
-You've got Oh Yoon here.
Once people hear I'm on the show,
the tabloids will go crazy,
and the show will be the talk of any town.
-Oh!
-No way! No way!
-It should be me.
-Wait, wait. Why?
The show is about being in Gongjin, yeah?
They need a longtime local to represent.
-Let's sit down, all right?
-No way! I have to be on!
I can prove that grandmothers
can be beautiful.
-I agree with the last part.
-[Geum-cheol] You want the most beautiful?
It has to be me!
If it weren't for Du-sik's looks
setting the bar so high,
I can be a model,
you just have to get real, real close.
[groans]
Worrying about our baby
growing up to be just like you
keeps me up at night.
-You sleep fine.
-So what about me?
My baby's coming soon,
and being on the show
would be the greatest gift to the baby.
-[Yun-gyeong] Don't you think so?
-Me! Me! I want to be on TV, too! Please!
I'm the huge DOS fan here.
I know the words to every song.
[singing]
So what you're saying is,
you all wanna be on the show.
[overlapping chatter]
-You have something to say?
-You can count me out.
Uh, same here. I'm okay.
I'm all right as well.
-I'm the only singer here.
-We have a better chance!
Okay, okay, not counting those three,
everyone wants to be on the show.
[overlapping chatter]
-There's only one option then.
-[Geum-cheol] What is it?
The only fairest way
where no one can argue. It's final.
Drawing names randomly!
-Ugh!
-Unbelievable. Seriously?
-Let's draw names.
-[Geum-cheol] It should be me.
-It's okay. Bring it on.
-This is wrong.
-You can't do this to me.
-Hold on a second.
Miss Yeo, you can't take part.
Right? If she's in the drawing,
she can pick her own name! Easy.
Chief Hong's the leader here,
I'm just his assistant tonight.
Why would I cheat?
If I did, I swear to you,
I'll renounce my family name.
[laughter]
-[Nam-suk] She's funny.
-Fine.
Okay, okay, okay.
Now, we'll have to choose
who are the four joining Ms. Gam-ri.
Who is the first resident
to be on The Seashore Grasshopper?
-[imitating drumroll]
-[Ju-ri] Please!
-The anticipation is real here, so…
-[Nam-suk shushes]
Would you give me
some silence, please, people?
-Aah.
-[Nam-suk shushes]
-The star of Gongjin-dong.
-That's right.
-Oh…
-It's me!
-Chun-jae.
-Oh!
-[laughing]
-[applause]
-Seriously?
-Yeah, how you doing? I'm the man!
What the hell?
Ju-ri, Papa's gonna be on TV!
-[laughing]
-You're so annoying!
Hey, hey, hey, let's get
the second name drawn right now, huh?
-The second name.
-All right.
I have one name here, and…
Ah, okay, she's known to be quick-witted.
-[Bo-ra] Then it's me!
-[Ju-ri] No, it's me.
-Nam-suk Cho!
-[screams]
Goodness! What a wonderful evening it is!
I'll introduce Gongjin to the world!
Ah, congrats, congrats. Ah, yes.
Let me now draw the third name.
[imitates drumroll]
-The third person will be…
-[paper rustling]
Ah, they've been so busy
with work these days.
-Right.
-A person who works hard.
It sure has been exhausting.
Thank you, my friend.
-Right.
-Thanks.
-It's Ham Yun-gyeong!
-[screams]
-It's real!
-[Geum-cheol] Honey, calm down.
Calm down.
Guess that's a brand-new side
coming through.
-My goodness. I guess I got carried away.
-My gosh.
Anyway, thank you.
My unborn child will love it.
-[Yun-gyeong] I'm sorry, kids.
-[chuckles]
-You didn't hear it, did you?
-There's only one name.
Only one name more. The very last.
-Who could be, huh?
-Exactly.
-Am I right?
-Yes.
-It has to be Ju-ri.
-[imitates drumroll]
-[Bo-ra] Please let it be me.
-I can't wait to just see who it is.
-Ju-ri, please?
-[Du-sik] Who will it be?
-Let me see.
-[Bo-ra] It must be me.
-Ah.
-[Bo-ra] Come on!
-Darn it.
-What?
Why did it have to be Chang Yeong-guk?
-What the hell?
It's me? Is it really me?
[laughing]
This is exactly why
one should be kind and generous.
-Unbelievable!
-Yes. Yes, it's yours.
-Go and enjoy.
-[Yeong-guk] Yeah.
-You know I will. I'm serious.
-[Mat-i] No way. It's not fair!
[lively music playing]
[sizzling]
-The shoot will soon begin.
-Right.
Don't be nervous,
-Just act like normal.
-Okay.
Why are all of you guys
so nervous right now?
Everyone, uh, relax your face.
It's my second time being on television,
you know?
So I'm not nervous at all.
-Ooh.
-I'm not nervous at all.
This is nothing compared
to going to talk to the mayor.
-What's he looking at?
-I'm Oh Yoon.
Did you know that I once performed
at the Olympic Gymnastics Arena?
-[Nam-suk] I sure do.
-Follow my lead.
Worry about everybody else,
don't worry about me.
Honestly, I couldn't… have
any calmer nerves.
-I'm fine.
-[Geum-cheol] Come on, Yun-gyeong.
Loosen up a bit.
-[Yun-gyeong] Honey.
-[Geum-cheol] Huh?
What if I start contractions
during filming?
-That won't happen.
-Oh!
Why are you all nervous?
-Gosh.
-[Yun-gyeong] I won't, right?
-[Yun-gyeong exhales deeply]
-Chief Hong, will our show be all right?
I don't know.
-[Geum-cheol] Here we go.
-Yes, go on!
Okay, don't worry.
-Hello. Hi. Hello.
-I'm the village chief.
-[metal clangs]
-Ohh!
[Gam-ri] Goodness.
-What is it?
-[cackling]
[Chun-jae] I'm sorry about that.
-Oh, sorry. Are you okay? You okay?
-Looks fine.
[Nam-suk] All right.
Mmm. It's so good.
-Yes, it's good.
-I know. Mmm.
-How is it?
-Uh… Who? Me?
-Uh-huh.
-Oh, um…
Well, it's delicious.
I can taste the flavors
of the Gongjin sea in the taste.
Um, even though it's just pork belly.
-[Nam-suk] It's really good.
-She seems so nervous.
-Are you sure it's not too spice, though?
-No, it's spicy.
I even had my hair done,
but now I'm sweating like crazy.
Do I still look good?
My hair should stay up.
I feel like my hair
isn't how it's supposed to be.
Nam-suk, lower. You gotta lower your arms.
-Uh-huh! Yeah, thank you. Don't worry.
-[Du-sik] Lower them.
[chuckles nervously]
Good luck to you, too.
Oh, no, Nam-suk.
This is pajeon.
-Goodness.
-Wow!
Eat it while it's hot.
-Gosh, it looks great.
-Thanks so much!
-It's your favorite.
-Nice to meet you.
-All right, let's dig in.
-Let me… Shit.
-Oh, that's hot as hell.
-Oh, good gracious.
[laughter]
Sorry about that.
We'll have to edit that out.
Can't we, like, beep it out?
Anyway, thank you so much
for having us over.
These are crabs
that I marinated for you all.
-That's a very special honor.
-It's priceless.
Let's get a shot of that later. All right?
Thank you, Miss Kim.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
A gathering like this one wouldn't
be complete without some music.
Come on. Let me sing a song
for my fellow singers here.
-Which one's the main camera?
-Is he a singer?
It's on you, Chun-jae, so keep it going.
-Right.
-Chun-jae, go ahead. Go!
-He's a singer, you know.
-Oh, yeah.
[singing]
-[Nam-suk cheers]
-Recently, I've wronged you so many times.
Why? I'm loving this.
Oh, it's raw and authentic.
Even Nam-suk?
[casts singing]
-I'll edit well.
-Please do.
-Chun-jae!
-[Du-sik] She's too sweet, you see.
She won't stop raising her arms.
-Come on in.
-[Du-sik sighs]
It was exhausting, wasn't it?
So, how was the shoot?
Philosophically speaking,
it wasn't the kindest to the townsfolk.
But as a TV show, it'll work well.
It must've been rough out in the sun.
Come on. Let's hug, eh?
It wasn't that exhausting, still, though…
-[sighs]
-You did great.
-[chuckling]
-[door opens]
Hey, Mi-seon.
You guys are super annoying.
Mi-seon, I…
[sighs]
Unbelievable.
Hye-jin is just head over heels.
[sighs]
Damn lovebirds.
I should really find my own place now.
[scoffs]
Oh, Eun-cheol.
Miss Pyo?
Where are you going alone?
I had to escape a pair of cockroaches.
Cockroaches? I'll kill them
for you right away.
No, no, that's not what I meant.
Their rate of reproduction is no joke.
If you let them be,
they could conquer the world.
-Hye-jin and Chief Hong, I mean.
-Huh?
I left the house, 'cause I couldn't take
how they are so lovey-dovey.
Ahh.
[chuckles]
Then where… where are you headed?
To the rotisserie chicken truck.
I saw it on my way home from work.
Well, then I… Well, I should
escort you over there.
-Okay.
-Shall we?
Sure, yes.
Watch your step.
It's not super comfy here.
Why don't we head over to your house?
Actually, I have to go.
They're having an after-party.
Ahh. Will Seong-hyeon be there, too?
Of course, yeah.
How is he doing, by the way?
What? Why do you ask?
I ran into him the other day,
and he seemed underweight.
Oh, you saw him? When?
It was just briefly the other day.
I… I was headed to work.
Oh.
He told me not to skip meals
with his same old usual smile.
Well, I felt bad about it, is all.
[scoffs]
I didn't notice.
No, he definitely looked worse.
Look out for Seong-hyeon when you meet him
again this afternoon, would you?
If you get some fried chicken,
give him a drumstick.
What about me?
I'll just eat what? The bones, huh?
Oh. I didn't mean it like that.
I really didn't.
Ah, no, forget it. Forget it.
Why not look out for him yourself, though?
Why ask me to do it for you?
Give him both drumsticks.
Actually, pull the meat off,
and feed it to him, too.
-Are you upset?
-Of course not. Why would I be?
[mutters]
I'm just…
I'm making suggestions, all right?
You're worrying about how some other guy
is doing in front of your boyfriend.
So why don't you go tend
to him yourself, huh?
Honestly, you can take care of him.
I'm cool.
No, no. That's not… That's…
That's not what I said.
-Whatever. See ya.
-Oh, Chief Hong!
-That's not what I meant. I--
-[door shuts]
What did I do wrong?
I only meant…
You'll have to wait five minutes,
then they'll be cooked to perfection.
Oh, yes, that's fine. I'll wait.
It'll be two of them.
-Two?
-Yes.
All right. You got it.
Eun-cheol, one's for you.
You can take it home.
No, no, I'm good, really.
Take it, though. It's sentimental.
Oh?
But why?
It's just that, uh, it was
your first gift to me.
Yes, bought it with the 5,000 won
from your lottery ticket.
Exactly.
So then, now, if I buy one for you…
Um, what am I saying?
Well…
No idea.
How dense can this guy really be?
I mean, I know it's frustrated as me,
the lady. I mean, come on.
"It's not that I don't have
feelings for you,
I just would rather get
to know you slowly."
I didn't want to forget it,
so I even memorized it.
Ah, so you did understand me then?
Yes. Of course.
How could you give up,
'cause I kept you waiting a little?
But I didn't. Sometimes, I'm, well…
a bit slow.
I'm not very smart.
I studied 15 hours a day for 5 years
to become a cop.
I'm bad at sprinting,
but I'll have you know
I've completed six total marathons.
You see, as far as grit,
I know I can do anything in the end.
I'm saying I never gave up.
[chuckles]
Gosh, you're so frustrating.
This is why dating nice guys
was never my style, you know?
It's gonna be so frustrating to date you.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
Oh! Seriously.
The frustration is killing me.
Why don't you understand
what she's telling you?
That wasn't a rejection. She likes you.
To the chicken, say yes.
-To the dating also, yes.
-[chuckles]
-Okay?
-Aah.
Thank you. For a number of things.
You can keep the change.
Oh, she's the sweetest.
And you really are the densest.
Let's go and eat our chicken
at the seawall.
What? You… You mean…
Uh, are we…
Must I really be the one to ask you out?
No. Mi-seon!
Please, would you go steady with me?
There's no need to go
and make such a scene.
-Stand up already.
-Thank you so much.
I'll… I'll really take… take care of you.
I get it, so stand up. Now.
-Come on. People are looking.
-Of course.
Oh, let me carry this.
Shall… Shall we?
[Mi-seon chuckling]
-Thank you, sir.
-Have a good time.
-We will.
-Adore one another.
-[vendor] Really.
-We'll…
[vendor laughing]
Oh, those are the good times.
Oh, why am I suddenly jealous?
[Seong-hyeon] You all did great today.
-[Ji-won and Do-ha] Likewise!
-[Geum-cheol] Cheers.
Once again, thank you so much, everyone.
And especially to you, Yun-gyeong.
When are you expecting?
Uh… CLT, next month.
I'm actually worried, though.
Our baby is almost ready to come out.
But my OB-GYN closed down.
-So what will you do?
-Chung-ho OB-GYN closed?
-That's where I gave birth to I-jun.
-[Yun-gyeong] I know.
There aren't many young people around here
who wanna have a child,
so they're gonna open up
a dermatology clinic instead.
-I see.
-So what will you do?
I'll go to a far one.
The closest clinic with a birthing center
is an hour and a half away by car, though.
That sounds exhausting.
[Geum-cheol] Hardly.
She won't be doing anything at all.
I'll be the one driving her there.
-[Geum-cheol chuckling]
-You…
Having done it myself, I can say for sure
that being on a television
-is no joke.
-Exactly. I found it too stressful.
Why did you want to do it so badly
if you turn out so totally useless?
Useless? Seriously?
Why do you constantly have to talk
to people in the meanest ways, huh?
Oh, no, that's enough. Please.
Both of you, stop bickering!
I'll let you have the stage over there
if you really wanna cause drama.
Goodness. Big talk from someone
who could barely get a few words out
when she got the spotlight.
[chuckles]
You know, on TV earlier?
You… You can't mean me, right?
[laughs]
How about you watch
what you say about me, huh?
Keep your hands to yourself!
[Hwa-jeong] I knew you should've stopped
laying your hands on people.
-[Nam-suk] What else can I do when--
-[Hwa-jeong] Stop it.
Goodness, both of you.
Come on, stop it right now. Enough!
-You have to stop it.
-I can't sit next to her.
Stop fighting, okay?
Instead, enjoy this symbol of peace,
freshly-fried pigeon.
-What?
-I'm kidding.
[laughing]
[Chun-jae] A pigeon.
I mean, enjoy the chicken. I mean, yeah.
-And continue chatting.
-Sure.
This drumstick will go to Director Ji
who had the hardest job today.
Gosh, thanks so much.
Ah, thank you, yes.
[drumstick crunches]
-Du-sik must've starved all day.
-He had a tough job, too.
[overlapping chatter]
Thankfully, a chicken
always has two drumsticks, right?
Right.
-Here you go.
-[Ji-won] Go on.
-Oh, thank you.
-Thank you.
[Chun-jae] Hey, hey!
What's up with you today?
-[crunching]
-Damn jerk! Spit it out.
No, no, no.
It's all right. It's all right.
I prefer the lighter meat, anyway.
-Like breasts?
-Yes.
Ah, yes. Let me see.
-Here you go.
-Thank you very much.
[Yeong-guk] Why not fry
a bigger chicken next time?
-My piece was over in two bites.
-[crunching]
[Hwa-jeong] It's tiny, right?
[chips crunching]
[sighs]
[door opens, closes]
I'll take one.
[crunches]
Looks like he's eating well enough.
Give me some more.
You just asked for one.
Here. You can take the whole thing.
Chief Hong, are you upset with me?
[scoffs]
Wow. Of course not.
Well, clearly, you must be.
So?
Level with me and say what's wrong.
Hye-jin's worried about you.
She said that you looked frail
and should eat well.
-That's why you're sulking out here?
-No, I'm not.
Sulking, for real?
You lucky little jerk.
Very lucky.
I would love to be jealous,
rather than just be pitied by her.
I mean, it sure would be nice
to yell at her
for being concerned about another man
in my presence.
Do you get it now, huh?
Do you see how fortunate you really are?
Oh, did you send her parents tickets
to Gag Big League?
I forgot about that.
-Ought to do it.
-I will.
And put on some weight.
So that my girlfriend doesn't worry.
I'm glad she still thinking of me, though.
[Du-sik] Do you have a death wish?
-I'm only saying--
-Hey, Miss Wang.
-I wanted some fresh air.
-I see.
Why are you sitting like that?
You have a bad back.
What's it to you?
Let me go inside and get a chair for you.
Ah, no, no, no.
Since when did you look out for me?
What are you talking about?
I always looked out for you.
Our show will fall to pieces
if you weren't there.
[Seong-hyeon] So, of course,
I should take care of you.
[Hwa-jeong] Ugh, get out of here!
[Seong-hyeon] Hey. What brings you out?
They're arguing.
No, they're really not.
They're just talking loudly.
Couldn't even grant the smallest bit
of respect to me, could you?
Can I grant you respect from my heart
when you do nothing respectable?
-Goodness.
-You're a village chief
-who acts like a spoiled child!
-What the…
What are you talking about? I was just--
He's not wrong.
Have some respect for people.
Oh, also, you insulted me earlier.
I'm proud of the way that I communicate.
How dare you?
There's nothing hard for me,
'cause I'm just gonna sit there
while you drive? Do you know
how hard it is to be pregnant?
-I'm sorry. I must've lost my mind.
-Just eat and shut up, huh?
-You have no right.
-Close up for me when you're done.
-Will you? I'm going home.
-Oh, well, good night.
[overlapping chatter]
[muffled yelling]
Would… Would it be rude to leave?
Absolutely. But I'm leaving.
-Seriously? You can't just--
-[sighs]
-See ya. Good night.
-Okay.
[muffled yelling]
You and Officer Choi are dating now?
-Uh, well…
-[gasps]
I'll have to teach him everything,
starting with the basics,
but he's adorable.
It's different and it might be fun.
My gosh! I just got goosebumps.
Congratulations. It's great for you two!
You know what? Now, the four of us
can go on double dates now.
Um, since Chief Hong
and Eun-cheol are quite close,
we can plan on doing something like that.
-A double date?
-Oh, a camping trip?
-Sure. Sounds so good.
-Right?
We'll go car-camping.
[cell phone chimes]
But how and where?
[Du-sik] Come out if you're not in bed.
I'm out front.
Just a minute.
Huh?
[sighs]
What are you doing here again?
Come sit here.
You're not my boss.
I'm sorry.
What about, huh?
I nitpicked when I knew
what you were saying,
sulked and made a fool of myself
when I started to get jealous,
and slammed the door on my way out.
And it took too long…
to apologize.
[chuckles]
Wow.
That's very thorough.
Why did it happen, though?
It wasn't like you at all.
I have no idea.
[sighs]
I thought stuff would just roll off.
I guess I'm more childish than I realized.
I even ate his chicken drumsticks.
-You did?
-Yeah.
-[laughs]
-I'm so pathetic.
Because of you, every day
I'm discovering new stuff about myself.
[chuckles]
Same here.
I've been discovering all
these charming pieces of you every day.
[claps]
Today, I found out…
how cute you are.
[chuckles]
You're so adorable.
[scoffs]
What do you mean I'm adorable?
You're silly.
-Cute… Aah!
-[thwacks]
Mosquito.
There was nothing there.
-Cute.
-Cute?
Totally cute.
Are you accepting my apology?
I don't know.
But you said I'm cute.
Again, I'm really sorry.
-[Hye-jin] Chief Hong!
-[Du-sik] Don't run. Don't run.
I'll come to you instead.
I was too excited not to skip over to you.
How do I look?
Stunning. You're the only one
I saw 100 yards away.
-I'm dressed in pink.
-Pink?
You look pretty.
-Do I?
-Yeah.
-[Hye-jin] You should drive.
-[Du-sik] Me?
-Mm-hm.
-You don't let anyone drive your car.
Ah, well. It's broken in now.
I've had it a while.
Besides, you're not just "anyone."
All right, I'll drive.
I was gonna get the door for you.
I'm too impatient to wait
while other people get the door for me.
[laughs]
Got it. Watch your hands.
-Thank you.
-[car door shuts]
All right. Got your seat belt already on?
-Let's be off.
-[seat belt clanks]
[light music playing]
You're that happy?
Mm-hm. I love that we're going
on a drive outside of Gongjin.
-And also your company. I love it all.
-[chuckles]
So what bucket list item
should I prepare for?
We've got to go make a stop,
and then… and then Seoul.
Oh, okay.
[Du-sik] How did a gallery
look this pretty?
[Hye-jin] Tell me about it.
So you knew about this place?
Oh…
What do you think? Isn't it pretty?
Yes, it's nice. Very unique.
I didn't know you were that into art.
Actually, I'm not.
Then why is going to a gallery
on your bucket list?
Because it's fancy.
Hm?
Appreciating paintings with my boyfriend
together at an art gallery.
How cool, huh?
[scoffs]
It sure is.
[classical music playing]
Rather than detailed paintings,
I prefer simple ones like this.
Adding elaborate details is easy.
Pairing down your thought
to their essence takes hard work.
How intelligent!
You must know a lot about art.
No, not a lot.
But the field does intrigue me.
I took an art history class in college.
Art history?
Why? Was there a girlfriend
who was an artist?
[playful music playing]
Gosh, take a look at those lines.
Can't you feel the artist's soul?
-It's almost like--
-Hey.
Don't change the subject on me.
So you had a thing with an artist?
Are you sad right now?
Well, there's something about this piece.
Was she older than? Or younger?
-The same age?
-Same.
Wait. Oh, hey.
That one's really something.
It's titled Family.
Look at her. We already saw that one.
-[Du-sik clears throat]
-So you were the same age.
-I love this gallery.
-Was she pretty?
-There's a sense of naturalism.
-Does the art remind you of her? Does it?
-I doubt the relationship was serious.
-Naturalism is what I prefer…
[lively music playing]
I'm on the loose now.
Don't try to stop me, okay?
That's too bad.
If we were at a racing track,
I would've bet on you.
Giddy-up! Get going.
-[Hye-jin laughs]
-Giddy-up!
Hang on. Are you sure
we're in the right place?
Yes, from here on, I'm taking control.
From head to toe, I'll be transforming you
to fit into my style.
No way. I really don't want this.
-Let's leave.
-Come on! You don't think it'll be fun?
No, not in a million years.
I hate all this. I'm going downstairs.
[Hye-jin] But it's on my bucket list.
[exhales sharply]
Oh, lord.
Good boy.
I really don't need new clothes.
Just try, okay? Just go along.
-Let's do ten outfits, okay?
-Ten?
Are you telling me to put on an outfit
and show it to you ten times over?
Yes.
[retches]
Hye-jin, look. I feel so sick.
I'm gonna puke.
The restroom's that way,
and the fitting room is over there.
I'm not Julia Roberts from Pretty Woman.
That movie came out in 1990.
This is a little cliché.
Yes, and nowadays,
those things are known as classics.
[sighs]
And I didn't know romcoms
were so your style.
You're super annoying.
Adorable!
I'm Richard Gere today!
This one looks good, too.
Hold on. Hold on.
-How do I look?
-[cheering]
-You look great.
-I like it, too.
-Let's take this.
-Try on the navy one.
-We'll take this.
-No.
Try on the navy one. It looks good, too.
Ohh! Michael Jackson?
Ooh! Sexy! Very sexy!
-So this is the one.
-No, no.
-Try the gray one.
-This really seems all right, though.
No, no. Too much Michael Jackson.
That could be a problem.
-It's really all right.
-Go on.
Ohh! Looking dandy!
This one's too hot
for the weather, though.
[both laugh]
-Sorry.
-Why are you stripping me?
This one's a no. It's too revealing.
Next! This one's a no.
-This…
-Oh, wait.
-Is it see-through?
-Well, this…
-[laughs]
-Unbelievable, right?
I don't think this is it. No.
-It's just wrong.
-It's absurd.
[shrieks]
[Hye-jin giggles]
Oh, this one's nice. I love the color.
-It's great.
-Yes.
-I can't do this anymore.
-You look so good.
-Let's stop.
-You'll wrinkle the pants.
Okay, fine.
Let's go with the first outfit.
-Try it on once again.
-First one?
The gingham suit.
-Why don't we just buy it, all right.
-No, no, no.
-I've got to see it first, though.
-That's not necessary.
-The waist could be loose.
-No, it was really perfect.
Okay, just try it on once again.
I don't think…
Should I dress you?
-Here you are.
-Right.
Here. Let's use this card.
No way. I'm buying it myself.
Ah, no.
Buying clothes for my boyfriend
is on the bucket list for me.
And also, it'll be your birthday soon.
It'll be an early birthday gift, huh?
Right, it's coming up.
Okay, well, thanks a lot.
Mm.
-She's a cool girlfriend.
-Right.
-[chuckles]
-[beeping]
-So where do we go next?
-To eat something delicious.
-Something delicious?
-Ah, hold on. I need to stop somewhere.
-Oh, yeah?
-Mm.
[Hye-jin shrieks]
-Could I take a look at that?
-[clerk] Of course.
Let me hold that for you.
What do you think?
Wow. Beautiful. Looks great.
-Does it?
-Mm-hm.
-I'll take this then.
-Sure.
I'll check if we have one
-in the box at the back.
-Sure.
I've had my eye on that one
for quite some time.
Really? A long time?
Yes, I love everything in this world
that is beautiful.
-Then why don't I--
-There was a new one in stock.
Really?
This piece is five and a half million won.
How would you like to pay for it?
-Let's use this credit card.
-Sure.
-No financing.
-[clerk] Yes, of course, miss.
[shrieking]
I finally got it!
So then it's a real diamond.
Of course, it is.
I don't wear fake stones.
Why isn't I-jun picking up?
Maybe he's at the restaurant.
[Hwa-jeong] I hope it wasn't salty.
I think he didn't mind.
I'm sorry for not returning this sooner.
What?
What the hell is he doing here?
That thermos.
-Have some of this.
-Gosh.
[slurps]
I told you, you didn't have to return it.
-I'll get going, then.
-Sure thing.
[Hwa-jeong and Yong-hun] Bye.
Oh, my god!
Mr. Chang.
So you're saying
that the hangover soup was from Hwa-jeong?
Yeah. She left it when she heard
that you had a…
nasty hangover.
Ah, that's some sort of twist.
I know she speaks harshly to you.
You know how she cares about you, though.
As if. Come on.
She's not actually concerned.
I bet they were leftovers.
No, no, that's not true! You…
You're really clueless.
What is it now, huh? What is it?
I honestly…
Huh?
Let's go have something nice to eat.
Hong Du-sik?
Tae-gyeong?
It really is you. Oh, gosh.
How long has it been?
It's, uh… It's been a while.
So you're not alone. Hello.
Yes, hello.
Hey. Do you know how worried I was?
You suddenly vanished
off the face of the earth.
Where do you live now?
Uh, over in my hometown.
Ah, I see.
I'm over at a new firm.
Um… my card.
Call me when it's convenient for you.
I'm afraid I got to run now. So sorry.
-Well, then.
-Bye.
Call me.
Who is he?
Uh…
[clears throat]
Guy from college.
Oh. Were you in the same major?
Let's go eat.
Chief Hong, we ticked a lot of boxes
off my bucket list today.
We'll do all 100 of them in no time.
Don't worry about that, though.
If I have to, I can come up
with over 1,000.
There are so many things
I would wanna do together.
[chuckles]
Are you listening to me, Chief Hong?
Chief Hong.
-Hey!
-[gasps]
Sorry. What?
It's nothing. Just enjoy the food.
Right.
Actually, I really shouldn't
tell you this.
You should. Go ahead.
The tonic that's good for your joints…
was also from Ms. Yeo.
What?
She clearly about it seeming…
like it was from me.
[exhales deeply]
What's gotten into her?
Jeez, Yeong-guk.
This isn't like you at all.
You never drink alone.
Ah, well, I…
I had to get away from the house.
You know? It's depressing being alone.
Would you care for one?
No, I need to run this place,
but there are no customers!
-[laughs]
-Let me get my beer.
[both] Cheers.
-Ahh…
-[slurps]
[both gulping]
[both sigh]
Nothing like a good summer draft beer.
Oh, that's good!
I'm sure beer tastes
like honey to you right now.
What?
Thanks to I-jun.
I heard he won a prize
at the mathematics competition.
-[chuckling]
-Look at you glowing.
Gosh, it's not a big deal.
He's only second.
-[laughs]
-My Ju-ri…
has been avoiding her school work.
-It's okay. It's okay, though.
-Sure.
Don't worry about it.
My Ju-ri, you know, she's pretty.
Oh, of course, of course, of course.
-Her eyes are almond-shaped.
-Exactly.
And don't forget her chubby cheeks.
Ah, she looks just like her mama, no?
Huh? All the time,
more and more, as she grows up.
I know.
[breathes deeply]
These days, looking at her, it's…
makes me miss So-yeon even more.
Ah, so then you still longed
for your wife?
Of course.
After I'm done raising my daughter,
I'll be waiting till I see her again.
Come on. You're a bad liar!
All of that was so long ago!
And it was long ago she passed away.
How can you still miss her?
Why do you keep asking me
the same question, huh?
What? When did I ask you that?
You asked me the same stuff.
It was a few years ago.
We were having drinks.
[Yeong-guk] What a liar.
What a liar. What a liar!
Your marriage was such
a long time ago, huh.
I mean, it's already been a long time
since she passed away.
How would you still adore her
and miss her the same way you did?
That's hard to believe.
[hiccups]
It's true, okay? You jerk!
Whatever. Whatever.
You know, in my…
I still remember
how we went down that aisle
together, side by side.
I…
I promised her, I vowed my eternal love.
-[whimpering]
-Love. Ugh, love my ass.
Staying together for some obligation,
that's a marriage.
That's how it was for me
from the start, you know.
Eh, I needed to get married
before it was too late.
But my first love had moved on.
I…
ended up with this one,
'cause we were friends.
Yay! That's how marriage is
for most people.
My mother-in-law…
I mean, Hwa-jeong's mother
had passed away around that…
[clicks tongue]
Ah, I felt sorry, she was all alone,
so then, we just…
I miss So-yeon…
[sobs]
-Damn it.
-Don't you cry. Come on!
All I'm saying is, there's really not
that much to a marriage, huh.
It's not some sacred phenomenon.
It doesn't have
any significance, whatsoever!
It's…
It's just boring.
[hiccups]
[raindrops pattering]
[Chun-jae] That night,
we were so wasted
that I barely remember anything.
Wait.
[gasps]
I do remember
how Miss Yeo dragged you home.
Wait. Did Hwa-jeong come here then?
Mm.
[crunches]
It suddenly started to really pour,
so she came by with an umbrella.
It was weird, though.
Hwa-jeong… I mean, Miss Yeo
had an umbrella in her hand,
but she was soaked
from head to toe for some reason.
Maybe I'm remembering it wrong.
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
[somber music playing]
[door opens]
Oh.
[groans]
Jeez. What time did I get in last night?
How much did I have to drink, anyway?
Oh, my goodness. I feel awful.
Hey, you made pollack soup.
[Yeong-guk scoffs]
Nothing cures a hangover
better than my wife's soup.
[laughs]
Honey, you're the best.
Jeez.
[Yeong-guk humming]
[slurps]
Ohh!
What the hell?
Are you insane?
I told you not to take off
your socks inside-out.
[Yeong-guk] Socks?
Are you insane?
You did this over some stupid socks?
I've told you again and again.
I said the words,
"Turn your socks right side out."
"Don't throw them everywhere
around the house."
How many times do I have to say this?
I'm not a… maid! I'm not a servant!
Is what I asked really so hard?
You already wear your socks
right side out, don't you?
So how hard is it to take them off,
set them over there in the hamper?
Take your socks off right, damn it!
Don't throw them everywhere!
Don't take your socks off inside-out!
And don't throw them
around the house no more!
Just no!
[somber music playing]
Ugh, I'm a jerk.
I'm an idiot.
It was all my fault.
I was at fault.
Would you like to come in?
Uh… Ah, no, it's so late.
Right, of course.
You must be tired from all the driving.
-Go and get some rest.
-Sure.
-Thanks again for the suits.
-Good night.
-I'll get going.
Sure.
[exhales sharply]
I wonder why he suddenly turned so sour.
Did I come across as flashing my money?
[sighs]
Was it the necklace?
Was it a bit too much?
Oh. Why did I buy so much?
[thumping]
[cell phone chimes]
MISS DENTIST
[dings]
[Hye-jin] Good morning.
It's only morning, but I miss you already.
I hear it's scorching hot today.
So drink water often and eat proper meals.
And if you miss me, come stop by anytime.
-[Du-sik] Yes, you, too.
-"Yes, you, too"?
"Yes, you too"?
[scoffs]
-Mi-seon.
-Hm?
The thing is, I sent him a text
that was 46 words long,
and he texted me back three.
-What do you think of that?
-Hm?
Hm… He must be busy.
He might be, but I still think
it's a bit too short. Isn't it?
[sighs]
Maybe I hurt his feelings somehow.
Hmm… Why let it get under your skin?
It's how Chief Hong usually is.
[sighs]
You think so?
[cell phone buzzes]
Ugh! Seriously?
What?
-Are you kidding me?
-What's wrong?
Here. I sent him a text
with all these of hearts and emoticons,
and everything in there.
But all he wrote is,
"Good morning to you."
Ugh, seriously?
Am I in the force? A fellow officer?
Am I his lieutenant, huh?
Why is he being so formal?
That's how Officer Choi usually is.
[sighs]
It hurts, you know.
[Hye-jin] It's so beautiful.
[line ringing]
Hello, Chief Hong!
-[Du-sik] Hey, Miss Dentist. Something up?
-So something has to be up for me to call?
Chief Hong, how about
we have dinner together today?
I'm afraid I'm working until late tonight.
Another time, though.
Ah, yeah. It is what it is.
Mm.
[cell phone trills]
He hung up.
[sighs]
I was right.
He's putting up walls.
[whines]
Oh, gosh.
[groans]
I'm so relieved that we got
good internal reviews.
It wasn't just good.
They were all just eating it up.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
don't pop champagne too early.
How come our writer is not here
to share the glory with us?
Oh.
Isn't that Director Yang Gyeong-min
from TCB?
I heard from a friend
over at their office that he's trying
to poach her for his new show.
I'm glad the execs were content.
It would've been nicer to have you there.
You said you were meeting someone.
Was it Director Yang Gyeong-min?
-Mm-hm.
-[sighs]
Sounds like our industry
is all over you, huh.
Don't say he wants you
on his next variety show.
Oh, he's like a peacock
spreading his wings,
talking like he can woo me
with some beaks play.
[chuckles]
Come on.
It's true.
And, uh… And I'm gonna do it.
Hm?
The show we're on right now will…
be my last with you.
-That's so sudden.
-It's really not.
It's been seven years.
It's time for a new scene.
At this rate, I'll end up plateauing.
It's important to do something new.
Why don't we do something new together?
We'll try a completely
different approach this time.
I've wanted to do it, too.
[sighs]
No, I can't.
At least not with you anymore.
If it's because of the stuff
I pulled recently…
that's all over now.
I fully admit my wrongdoing.
I'm sorry.
It's true you let me down a little, yeah.
But that's not the reason.
Then why?
It's 'cause of me.
Don't look to yourself to find a reason.
Seong-hyeon.
You're a good director,
and more importantly, a good guy.
I know you will succeed
with a new writer, too, you know?
[thumps on table]
I'll be seeing ya.
[sighs]
What are you doing here?
Were you waiting for me?
You really are home late.
I told you I worked. You should've called.
-Let's go.
-What?
You aren't inviting me in?
But I have something to say.
Well, say it outside.
Where… Where are we going?
Are we still not there yet?
Where are we going?
You'll see soon.
Where are we headed?
[water churning]
This is the place.
[gasps]
[romantic music playing]
Wait, what…
You put all this together?
[yawns]
Yeah.
I only stopped by the house
to pick up a few more lightbulbs.
I was, uh… I was gonna…
finish it and get you later tonight.
[exhales heavily]
What? It's not for you?
I'm relieved, really.
Earlier, you seemed so upset, and I was…
I thought it was my fault.
Huh?
Well, I thought that you didn't approve
of the necklace I bought.
What? Aah!
What on earth goes
through that tiny, little head of yours?
You were really way off.
Have a seat.
-Aw. It's cute.
-Pretty, right?
Yeah. Ohh!
-Watch your step.
-Yes.
-Oh!
-[Du-sik clears throat]
[Hye-jin chuckles]
Hye-jin.
Hm?
You don't need to be afraid
of what I think
about how you live your life.
You went and bought yourself a gift
with the money you worked hard to earn,
why worry what I think?
I'm not bothered.
So do whatever it is you want.
Sorry.
I really jumped to conclusions.
A part of me, I thought,
that it made you feel inferior, so…
I'm very understanding, you know.
[chuckles]
-My boyfriend is the best.
-[laughs]
Is that why you're not wearing
your new necklace? Not to bother me?
Aah, well, I already sold it.
-What?
-It didn't feel right,
so I sold it online today.
-I shipped it and everything.
-So, then it's really gone?
-Mm-hm.
-That's not good.
-Why?
-Because…
Wait, what…
Open it.
[gasps]
Ohh!
It's pretty. My gosh.
I made it, actually.
-Really?
-Mm.
It's beautiful.
I wanted to buy the necklace for you,
but it was too expensive.
So I made a jewelry box for it instead.
Ahh! Now that you sold it…
It's fine. I have so much other jewelry.
I've got earrings…
-I'll fill this up before you know it.
-[chuckles]
Thanks, Chief Hong.
-It's beautiful.
-Do you like it?
[shrieks]
[giggling]
This place is amazing.
[waves crashing]
Right? It's my favorite spot.
You might say that the sea
looks the same from everywhere--
Ah, no, not here.
It starts to look different
when a memory's attached.
[romantic music playing]
The sea Chief Hong took me to…
is now one of my favorite spots, too.
You know, I think
that I love everything here.
-The bonfire.
-[flames crackling]
-[Hye-jin] The sound of the waves.
-[waves crashing]
-[Hye-jin] The sound of the water.
-[water churning]
[Hye-jin] The scent of summer.
The stars.
-And you.
-[chuckles]
Out of everything
that exists in this world,
you're my favorite.
In that case, I think
that I should say this now.
Hye-jin Yoon…
I love you.
[romantic music playing]
Me too.
Du-sik Hong…
I love you.
[chuckles softly]
["Wish" by Choi Yu-ree playing]
DU-SIK AND HYE-JIN'S BUCKET LIST
[machine whirring]
[blows air]
1. GIVE HER A PRESENT I MADE MYSELF
[romantic music playing]